Happiness Events:
	Happiness MIN:
		You were overthrown by the townspeople
		Volky Message: "How Pathetic, 
						you huffin' piece of trash! 
						A ruler whom is unable to control his people 
						deserves everything his population will enact upon him."
	Happiness 25%:
		The townspeople are starting to get mad in the workplace, making them unable to work efficiently.
		Volky Message: "Uh Oh, boss! 
						Looks like you got a bit of the ol' restless prole syndrome on your big hands! 
						Removing several benefits from the workers was a brilliant idea for that little extra bit of profit!
						Maybe,
						for just a little bittle bit,
						you can give your worker bees the privilege of eating some pollen!
						I totally would for them to overthrew their queen!"
	Happiness 75%:
		You give your workers more benefits and lose money.
		Volky Message: "What the huff are you doing, boss?! 
						You're spoiling the kids too much! 
						You're so forgetting to put tasty little serfs in their puffin' place!
						Careful, boss!
						Wouldn't want to see you get put in your place, 
						if you know what I mean!"
	Happiness MAX:
		You lose all your money by giving your employees too many benefits and paying them too much.
		Volky Message: "I warned you, 
						but you had to go and be a good lil' red ridin' hood.
						In this big house of a world, 
						it's eat or be eaten...
						How about that, 
						your mouth must be so tiny!
						You chose virtue, 
						here's your last reward, 
						to be eaten by the world."

Environment Events:
	Environment MIN:
		All workers die from polluted water and air.
		Volky Message: "What in grandma's name have you done? 
						Smells puffin' awful here! 
						Today I learned that queen bee was really, 
						really huffin' incompetent, 
						in anything, 
						in everything, 
						ever!
						Queen bee is, 
						was, 
						and will be,
						oh so, so, incompetent! 
						And it's all because she can't understand the simplest concepts!
						Hey Queen bee, 
						here's a little simplest concept for you:
						'Don't sprey the inside of your hive with poison'!"
	Environment 25%:
		Workers start to feel sick, river becomes polluted, air becomes polluted.
		Volky Message: "Whoa, 
						who farted toxic chemicals in the room?!
						Hey boss, 
						I'm lookin' around, 
						and I'm getting this little feeling in my big stomach.
						I'm getting this little feeling that the working meat bags are slowly rotting.
						I'm having this little, 
						sorta' big, 
						vibe right now. 
						And it's telling me,
						it's telling me so much right now, 
						just gotta feng shui this place up a bit, 
						just a tad bit, boss, 
						just a lil' tad of a feng shui right here."
	Environment 75%:
		Workers feel very healthy, you start losing money by using less polluting, but more expensive materials.
		Volky Message: "Oh jeez, 
						come on now, 
						we all know this 'Global Warming' nonsense is just a little fairy tale.
						Boss, 
						hey boss, 
						I need to tell you this tiny advice on my mind right now, 
						I just have to tell you!
						If you keep trying on getting your thumbs green, 
						you'll lose lotsa' green in your pockets!"
	Environment MAX:
		You lose all your money by only using environmentally friendly products.
		Volky Message: "Good going on accomplishing big nonsense, no sense at all.
						Wow! What a good little goody-two-green-thumb ridin' hood you are.
						Good job, puff face, you ran your factory right into the ground.
						As in, actually, literally, and litterally running your factory into the ground.
						But hey, at least it's 'ecologically friendly' right?! Right?!
						Don't worry, green boy, you'll be joining your factory very soon!"

Education Events:
	Education MIN:
		Your workers break all your machinery from being unable to concentrate on performing very basic tasks.
		Volky Message: "You know, big brain man, 
						you know what you just accomplished, 
						right?!
						I'm sure you know, 
						and I also know, 
						exactly, 
						very precisely, 
						your accomplishment!
						I also know exactly, 
						100% right now, 
						that I have no huffing idea,
						absolutely 0% here,
						on exactly how you managed to puff up so majorly!
						Basically,
						with the mental state you allowed your workers to handle the machinery,
						truthfully,
						you would have lost less money,
						literally,
						if your workers were comatose!
						Honestly, 
						now you're out of cash, and out of luck!
						This is the end of the road for you!"
	Education 25%:
		Your workers start to have difficulty concentrating on their work and you start having workplace accidents.
		Volky Message: "Incoming, boss,
						incoming message!
						It's totally very important right now,
						the message I have for you!
						Our hungry, hungry, clients are telling me that our products are too faulty!
						Let me tell you why this is happening, boss!
						You see, 
						word around town is...
						Well, quite frankly,
						it's just words with no context. 
						Pretty much all conversations around town are borderline incomprehensible.
						You try to talk to a guy, 
						and two seconds later, 
						he loses his train of thought!
						If you have not figured this out yet, boss,
						the workers can't concentrate on the job to build our products!
						Maybe, 
						just for me, boss, 
						just for me,
						cool down on the Gestapo tactics.
						You're at 11 right now, 
						and I need you to be at about 5 or 6."
	Education 75%:
		Your workers start leaving the town for more job opportunities.
		Volky Message: "You know, boss,
						I think you need to be a bit more of a bossy boss right now!
						Your workers are starting to fill their head with all sort of junk!
						They filled their heads so much,
						now they are starting to get full of themselves.
						Can you believe this?! 
						They are starting to believe, 
						believe they know what is best for them.
						I think this is time for you to show some 'fatherly TOUGH love',
						and 'convince' your guys and gals that you know what's best for them."
	Education MAX:
		Your town becomes a ghost town as most of the educated people took their families out of town.
		Volky Message: "Where'd everyone go?!
						Oh, that's right,
						Mister :
						'Uhhhhhh, 
						if I allow everyone to get a better education, 
						I will be able to make better,
						more innovative and luxurious products'.
						Well, good job,
						right there, 
						you have done just that.
						Well done, 
						except not really,
						what you actually did was,
						to permanently puff your huffing factory town up.
						Because now,
						now they all moved to the big city to start their own businesses.
						And they took their families and friends with them.
						You just couldn't muster up an iron grip, 
						not even a tin grip,
						puffin' mister 'baby gloves' over here.
						Now what you can, 
						and should do,
						as a personal recommendation of ol' Volky,
						is to taste the grip of the pavement."

Money Events:
	Money MIN:
		Lose, go bankrupt. Volky Insults you as you die on the streets.
		Volky Message: "You know, boss.
						I'm not going to call you that, really.
						I really lost that respect I had for you.
						You thought you could play like a big boy.
						Yah, that's really nice and all,
						but you huffed up,
						no PROFITS, 
						just a whole lot of failure.
						Speaking of holes, 
						seems like all you are good for, 
						is being a money hole!
						You're done,
						go into the streets,
						and be no one,
						and die like a stray dog.
						How disgusting."
	Money 25%:
		Volky starts to get displeased with you and has disrespect towards you.
		Volky Message: "Yah, uhh, boss,
						you're just totally puffing up my vibe right now.
						So, if you could just,
						y'know, stop being so absolutely incompetent and make me some PROFIT,
						that would be really nice.
						I don't think I'm asking for a lot here, 
						I'm making this real simple for you.
						You just gotta press my three little buttons the right way,
						and PROFIT will be coming your way before you know it."
	Money 75%:
		Volky gets excited and cheers you on to keep up the good work.
		Volky Message: "OH BOSS!
						OH BOSS!
						I'm feeling this PROFIT come in right now and I'm absolutely in love with it.
						Keep going, boss,
						you're so close boss, 
						so, so close!"
	Money MAX:
		Win, Rich, So Much Money. Volky is proud of you.
		Volky Message: "PROFIT! 
						PROFIT!
						OHHHH PROFIT!
						YES!
						YES!
						You made it, boss,
						you made it!
						I knew you were just the right guy to press my buttons just the right way!
						I felt the potential for PROFIT deep in your heart.
						But you know,
						it's still not enough for me,
						I need more.
						MORE!
						MORE PROFIT!
						MORE PROFIT!
						WE NEED TO GET MORE PROFITS!
						IT'S TIME TO GET BACK TO WORK!"