Wolf in sheeps clothing

Sheeps name: Volky

Scenarios:

Intro:

Heya there, boss! 
Welcome to my humble little home!

I'm Volky the sheep, 
and this is my super cool app:
"Volky's Societal Correction"!

I'm so excited, boss!
Wanna know why!?
Of course you want to know!
I'm totally here to make sure that your little factory town behaves nice!
I want your business to run as smooth as butter!

OMG!
I am getting goosebumps just thinking of something really really cool! 
I just have to tell you what I am thinking about, boss!
I am just thinking of all the PROFIT I will be helping you to make!

But to do that, 
I need a little help!
I need your little help so bad, boss!
I need you to push little my buttons with your big finger so hard, boss!
As hard as you can!

This little button of mine, 
right here on your left...
That's my "Happiness Correction" button, boss!
You don't want the little workers to be too happy!
Pampering children too much can never be a good thing, 
I just know it!

I want you to center your attention on the my middle button, boss!
This is my very special "Environment Correction" button!
It's very special because it gives you permission to transform the environment!
As an added bonus, 
the environment might become different in ways we have never seen before, boss!
That's so Exciting, 
it's like magic! 
I love surprises so much, 
don't you, boss!?

Now all that's left... 
is my right button, boss!
I love this button!
I like to call it "Education Correction"!
Sometimes you need to just help the little workers with what they have in their heads!
Sometimes they have little insignificant useless ideas filling their heads, boss!
Sometimes We have to help them clear out all the clutter, boss, 
clear out all the clutter!

It was so fun to explain all that to you, boss!
That's all for now though, 
I'll keep you updated if anything naughty happens!
Later boss!


Happiness Messages:
SEE FACTORY EVENTS FILE
Environment Messages:
SEE FACTORY EVENTS FILE
Education Messages:
SEE FACTORY EVENTS FILE
Money Message:
SEE FACTORY EVENTS FILE
